“Men are more ready to repay an injury than a benefit, because gratitude is a burden and revenge a pleasure.”
— Tacitus, C. (A.D. 55-120)

"...a woman who is interested in a man wants to see that other women are interested in him, too. Not only does that give him instant value, it makes it all the more satisfying to snatch him from their clutches." -Robert Greene

"Everything in seduction however, depends on suggestion. You cannot announce your intentions or reveal them directly in words."

"By saying less than necessary you create the appearance of meaning and power. Also, the less you say, the less risk you run of saying something foolish, even dangerous." -Robert Greene

"If you think it important to do all the work yourself, you will never get far, and you will suffer the fate of the Balboas and Teslas of the world. Find people with the skills and creativity you lack. Either hire them, while putting your own name on top of theirs, or find a way to take their work and make it your own. Their creativity thus becomes yours, and you seem a genius to the world." -Robert Greene

"Never associate with those who share your defects - they will reinforce everything that holds you back. Only create associations with positive affinities. Make this a rule of life and you will benefit more than from all the therapy in the world." - Robert Greene

"Those who seek to achieve things should show no mercy." - Kautilya, Indian Philosopher, Third Century B.C.

"To have ultimate victory, you must be ruthless." - Napolean Bonaparte 1769-1821

"...view all those around you as pawns in your rise to the top. You cannot let yourself become the lackey for any cause." -Robert Greene (Law 20)

"Do not commit yourself to anybody or anything, for that is to be a slave, a slave to every man... Above all, keep yourself free of commitments and obligations - they are the device of another to get you into his power..." - Baltasar Gracián (1601-1658)

"Learn to control yourself, to restrain your natural tendency to take sides and join the fight. Be friendly and charming to each of the combatants, then step back as they collide. With every battle they grow weaker, while you grow stronger with every battle you avoid." -Robert Greene (Law 20)

"To reveal the true nature of your intelligence rarely plays; you should get in the habit of downplaying it at all times. If people inadvertently learn the truth - that you are actually much smarter than you look - they will admire you more for being discreet than for making your brilliance show." - Robert Greene (Law 21)

"...the strong do what they have the power to do and the weak accept what they have to accept." - Athenian Delegation

"...it is a general and necessary law of nature to rule whatever one can." - Athenian Delegation

"When the great lord passes, the wise peasant bows deeply and silently farts." - Ethiopian Proverb

"In any organization it is inevitable for a small group to hold the strings. And often it is not those with the titles. In the game of power, only the fool flails about without fixing his target. You must find out who controls the operations, who is the real director behind the scenes." - Robert Greene 

"The character you seem to have been born with is not necessarily who you are; beyond the characteristics you have inherited, your parents, your friends, and your peers have helped to shape your personality. The promethean task of the powerful is to take control of the process, to stop allowing others that ability to limit and mold them. Remake yourself into a character of power. Working on yourself like clay should be one of your greatest and most pleasurable life tasks. It makes you in essence an artist - an artist creating yourself." - Robert Greene (Law 25)

"Learn to play many roles, to be whatever the moment requires. Adapt your mask to the situation - be protean in the faces you wear. Bismarck played this game to perfection: To a liberal he was a liberal, to a hawk he was a hawk. He could not be grasped, and what cannot be grasped cannot be consumed." - Robert Greene

"One should not be too straightforward. Go and see the forest. The straight trees are cut down, the crooked ones are left standing." - Kautilya, Indian philosopher, third century B.C.

“Men are so simple of mind, and so much dominated by their immediate needs, that a deceitful man will always find plenty who are ready to be deceived.” - Niccolò Machiavelli (1469-1527)

"Law 31" sound familiar in today's current politics?

"The Reality: Change is slow and gradual. It requires hard work, a bit of luck, a fair amount of self-sacrifice, and lots of patience.

The Fantasy: A sudden transformation will bring a total change in one's fortunes, bypassing work, luck, self-sacrifice, and time in on fantastic stroke."

"...there is often someone behind the scenes who has a great deal of power, a tremendous influence over the person superficially on top. These behind-the-scenes powerbrokers are the group's weak link: Win their favor and you indirectly influence the king."

"Time is an artificial concept that we ourselves have created to make the limitlessness of eternity and the universe more bearable, more human."

"Desire often creates paradoxical effects: The more you want something, the more you chase after it, the more it eludes you. The more interest you show, the more you repel the object of your desire. This is because your interest is too strong - it makes people awkward, even fearful. Uncontrollable desire makes you seem weak, unworthy, pathetic."

"...showing his wealth only on the inside of his house."

"When you want to fight us, we don't let you and you can't find us. But when we want to fight you, we make sure that you can't get away and we hit you squarely... and wipe you out... The enemy advances, we retreat; the enemy camps, we harass; the enemy tires, we attack; the enemy retreats, we pursue." - Mai Tse-tung (1893-1976) (less)
